Added license key portion to readme file (#21)
TykTechnologies/tyk-k8s-demo: .github/README.md

cp .env.example .env
```

> In the `.env` file, set `LICENSE` with the value of your Dashboard license. Adding license keys for `MDCB_LICENSE` and `PORTAL_LICENSE` is optional unless you wish to bootstrap those services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the deployments you would like install  set values of the `LICENSE`, `MDCB_LICENSE` and `PORTAL_LICENSE` inside the `.env` file.
```
